i know vegans don't eat eggs right
but anyway and the reason why do i bring
this up because you know i always
could justify eating a chicken or eating
a cow because they're like you know they
don't
they don't have a lot like my dog has
emotions i see it
i see my dog have emotions he's happy
he's sad he's scared
he's pensive sometimes right
and and so my dog has a real range of
emotions
and there's no doubt about it right and
uh we you know he has affection too he
can give affection
but other animals i could eat because of
what i said that i didn't think there
was a lot going on and then i watched
this video here are some cows
coming out of a barn i guess they've
been in the barn for a long time and
they were and they're gonna let them out
[Music]
away
i believe
[Music]
thank you
i believe
[Applause]
they start hot they start hopping around
like my dog does when he gets up
he gets excited so when my dog wants to
play ball he starts to hop around like
that we call it hippity hop
and now i see cows are doing it
they're excited they're outside they
want to play look at they're playing
so i don't think i can eat meat anymore
it just seems mean to eat them i even
i was eating that's special the other
day
and i you know i had to block it out
they were overfishing the oceans like i
had to block it out of my brain so i
could enjoy the sushi it was good it's
yeah amazing my sling is editorial
explicit material
briefcase show live and stereo flow fill
me